Dpe 132 Mysql router machine on install (#1)
canonical/mysql-router-operator: README.md

# mysql-router-operator

## Description

Charmed operator for mysql-router. MySQL-Router is a database proxy for Group Replicated MySQL clusters.

The proxy sit between the MySQL cluster and a client application, e.g.:

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    id1(Application) --db--> id2(MySQL Router)
    id2 --db--> id3[(MySQL Cluster)]
```

## Usage

This charm must be used coupled with mysql-operator charm, through a relation, e.g.:

```bash
juju deploy mysql-operator
juju deploy mysql-router-operator
juju add-relation mysql-operator mysql-router-operator
```

## Relations

Relations are defined in `metadata.yaml` are:

* Requires: db
* Provides: db

## Contributing

Please see the [Juju SDK docs](https://juju.is/docs/sdk) for guidelines on
enhancements to this charm following best practice guidelines, and
[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/canonical/mysql-router-operator/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> for developer guidance.

Author: Done on a778f01

# mysql-router-operator

## Description

The Charmed MySQL Router Operator is a database proxy for [Group Replicated
MySQL](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/mysql-innodb-cluster-introduction.html)
clusters.

MySQL Router is a middleware that provides transparent routing of MySQL servers
and client applications. More info at [MySQL Router](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-router/8.0/en/).

The proxy sits between the MySQL cluster and a client application, e.g.:

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    id1(Application) --db--> id2(MySQL Router)
    id2 --db--> id3[(MySQL Cluster)]
```

## Usage

> This charm must be used coupled with mysql-operator charm, through a relation, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until the MySQL Router Machine Charm is published, you need to follow the build & deploy instructions from [CONTRIBUTING.md](link) to deploy the charm. After building and deploying the charm, it must be couple with the [mysql-operator charm](link), through a relation, e.g.: 
```
